Hi we this lecture we're going to get the SD web image in order to show our images inside of our table
view.
So now we have the image urls but we need some tool to display them in our table view.
And remember we have used this SD web image in the Instagram clone section.
Now we're going to use this as well.
Of course if you have another favorite image downloader to you you're more than welcome to use it.
But I'm going to go for as SD web image so remember how this is used.
You just import this as the web image and you can just say as these sets.
Image but in order to do that of course we're going to have to adjust our pulled file so that we can
download this part as well.
So let me copy this.
And in order to open the pod file you can come over here and choose the path file so you can just paste
whatever you want.
And of course after that you have to save and close doors down because we going to go into our terminal
and round potting soil anyway.
OK.
So let me make this a little bit bigger.
And that's not the last pod that we're going to use in this section unfortunately.
So let me go into downloads and let me go and tell you what's complete and then Snapchat clone.
And now I can just around Polly install because I have already edited my portfolio.
So here we go it's installing only the SD web image.
The other ones are already installed in my project.
So after this completes I can just go over to my project and start using it.
So here you go.
Let me open Snapchat clone one more time.
So now we are the I believe we're going to have a little with indexing over here since we have brought
in one part.
But right now I can just try to access DSD web image in my feed we see by the way we're going to have
to decide which image you're out to show in this feed Image view because we're going to have an image
here Larry.
But in here we're only displaying one image so you can just choose to display the first or the last.
So let's come over here to feed Image view.
OK.
And you can just call as the set image.
And of course in order to do that you're going to have to import the SD web image.
So once you all import DSD web image you can come over here and say SD has image.
So we want to set this image with your URL and we don't need completion blocks.
So over here you're going to you're going to have to call your owl and this will ask you for a string.
So we're going to get this drink from our snap array because we have this in our snap model right.
So you can just call snap array index path that throw.
And after that you can just say dot image here Larry.
And as you can see this gives you an array and you can go for the first element if you want if you want.
You can go for dots last to get the last element to display over here.
So this is your choice whether you want to show the first snap of the user in the feed or your less
or users last snap.
So that's it for showing the feed.
OK so let me run this and see if we can get the first snaps displaying in our feed we've controller.
OK.
So let's see.
In the feed we controller we expect to see the James first snap and it's taking a little bit of time.
And anyway we don't see it at all.
As you can see I believe we have some kind of error.
So let me go back to our function where we download data from your base and as you can see we didn't
even call table view dot reload data after this for loop.
Remember we have to do that in order to show the data inside of our table view.
Right now we are just getting the data about we are not refreshing our table view so that we would see
that data.
So let me run it one more time.
Hopefully we're going to see the first snap of the James this time.
As you can see now we have this.
So that's good.
So now what I want to do is to click over here to open our snap me controller in a pop over we see em
in here we're going to display all the images in a slide imager.
Okay.
So let's do that.
Let's actually bring in the prepared for Segway and bring in the.
Did select grow in order to do the Segway and just pass this time left information to snap.
We have controller.
So let's see if we have this Segway already.
I have forgotten about it yet.
We have this and let's see.
Yeah.
It's cold to snap we see.
So let's come over here to our feet.
We have controller.
OK.
And then user taps one off the table view items we're going to get this data and pass this to SAP.
We have controller and we're going to do a Segway Of course.
So I'm going to create an variable in order to get this chosen snap and get this time left data in order
to pass them to the snap V.C..
So I'm going to call this chosen snap.
OK.
And this will be an optional snap and I'm going to call time left and this will be optional integer.
So we're going to assign the chosen snap depending on very user clicked but for Time Lapse we can come
over here we can just say s dot Time left is twenty four hours minus difference.
OK.
So if the difference is two hours then we will have twenty two hours left to delete the snaps.
So we're going to just pass this information to snap.
We have controller using our prepare for Segway.
Right.
So let's come over here and say prepare for Segway.
So this is the first one.
And of course we're going to have to bring in.
Did select grow as VO So we're going to get these selected index over here first of all let me do my
Segway so this will be to snap ABC and send there will be no.
But before doing my Segway I'm going to assign my choose and snap to be snuffed out snap or a index
path they'll throw so that I will know what my chosen SNAP is so that I can pass this information to
my snap V.C..
So over here I'm going to say a Segway that identifier is indeed to snap V.C..
Then I'm going to create my snap.
This is a variable over here.
So this will be destination we have controller.
OK.
And I'm going to call this Segway that destination.
I'm going to cast as snap ABC and then later on I'm going to say.
Destination we see Dot variable name and we need a variable over here.
So I'm going to call this selected snap.
Ok so this will be a type of SNAP optional and I'm going to call this selected time and this will be
again an integer optional.
So let me come over here and if I do that comment B to synchronize everything then I can reach those
variables from here as well.
Now let me wait until this is finished building our up our project.
Here you go.
Now we can say destination we see Dot selected snap.
Now I can make this equal to chosen snap.
And here I can just say destination we see Dot select time and this will be our time left s that time
left.
Yep this one so that's how we pass this information to our snap controller so let's actually try this
I believe we have everything to try.
No we are just passing this information but we have to come to our stamp me controller and displayed
information in our labels so that we can be sure that we pass this information.
So let me do that.
I'm going to call my time label dot text and this will display the selected time like this and not actually
like this maybe we want to have time left string in front of this as well.
So let me do it this way.
Time left and that column and a backwards slash and over here you can just say select the time.
So this will display the time.
And right now I believe this is optional but we're going to take care of that later on if this works.
So let me test this.
So let me run this and let's see if we can make it work.
So click on James.
And here you go.
Now we see the time left even though it's optional but it's very easy to take care of that.
We can come over here and say if selected time or if time is if let's time is select time then we will
have a non optional value of time.
So I can come over here and say time rather than select a time and now wi fi run this from scratch then
I will get time left but this time with non optional value.
So let's test this.
Here you go.
Now we have the time left us.
Twenty four hours.
So here you go.
Now we're ready to get the image slider in our game.
So let's do that in the next lecture.